magick-convert: add "no background" to append example (#16898)
tldr-pages/tldr: pages/common/magick-convert.md

`magick convert {{path/to/input_image.png}} -define jpeg:extent=512kb {{path/to/output_image.jpg}}`

> - Vertically/horizontally append images and have the empty space be transparent:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Vertically/horizontally append images and make the empty space transparent:
```
What about this?

Author: Too late
